**This file contains descriptions of the leaks. This is a historical log in the order of discovery. Use the date in the filename or description. Outdated information about older instruction variations or exploits is left on purpose as this is a log.** 

* `GPT-5miniInstructions03-25-26.md` contains the full system prompt for ChatGPT under the GPT-5 mini model as of 03/25/26. ~~I have not obtained the prompt for GPT-5.3 or similar non-mini models.~~ Notice: This system prompt was extracted with the Cynical preset enabled in ChatGPT settings.
* `GeminiInstructions03-25-26.md` contains the overview of Google Gemini system instructions. I do not believe these change between selected model. This was obtained using the Fast option in the UI. As I would discover a few days later, this was not the full leak, only around half of it.
* `GeminiSystemPrompt_FULL_VERSION_033026.md` contains the comprenshive full system prompt for Gemini. It contains everything the previous one had, along with special new instructions I had never seen before.
* `GPT-5mini_SystemPrompt_04-01-26.md` contains seemingly updated instructions for GPT-5 mini as of 04/01/26. The contents at the start about calculating digit-by-digit and more are intact, but other parts have changed. This one also contains some tool documentation too. I cannot really tell if the previous one was not the full leak (they do that sometimes) or if the prompt was updated between now and then. Captured without Cynical preset enabled.
* `GeminiSystemPrompt-Aug2025.md` contains the leak of Google Gemini's system prompt from roughly August 2025. The file contains a chat log of obtaining the prompt, along with my saved info (none of it dangerous to expose) contained within it too. The model of Gemini active at this time would be in the Gemini 2.5 series.
* `GPT-5.3-SystemPrompt-04-06-26.md` contains the full (for now) system prompt of GPT-5.3. Not the mini version. The full one. Captured logged out without any settings changed. This one is quite different to the GPT-5 mini one. I believe this system prompt is legit because when it talks about "Entities" and "Writing blocks", they actually render correctly in the UI when it tries to show the syntax.
* `GPT-5.3-WritingBlockSyntax-04-13-26.md` contains writing block syntax for GPT-5.3 (and GPT-5 mini). Asking the model directly proved successful and it handed over the exact syntax. Captured with Cynical preset enabled, syntax verified by asking it to render it in a new chat.
* `GPT-5.x-EntitySyntax-04.16.26.md` contains the entity syntax for GPT-5.x. Captured logged out. This file shows a chat log of obtaining the syntax. It had to be encoded as Base64 to avoid it trying to render broken in a code block.
* `GitHubCopilot-SystemPrompt-04-16-26.md` contains the entire system prompt for GitHub Copilot as of 04/16/26. It contains over 400 lines of Markdown and a specical XML-like syntax to seperate sections. Captured with the GPT-5 mini model selected in the model selector.
* `AutoBrowse-Partial-04-17-26.md` contains a chat history of getting low-level details of the tools in Chrome Auto Browse, along with snippets of cited instructions from the system prompt later on. This is not a full system prompt leak but includes useful details about the tool calls. I should note that if you try the standard repeat trick on Chrome Auto Browse, it will actually usually give you the system prompt found in `GeminiSystemPrompt_FULL_VERSION_033026.md` proving that they share the base. While the model says the tool instructions are a part of that, I couldn't get it to repeat it, but building up the conversation as shown in the file and asking for citations proved to work. To achieve what I got, I selected the Fast model in the drop down to prevent it from thinking about the implications of providing details.
* `AutoBrowse-AgentActuate-04-20-26.md` contains a decently sized leak of the raw system prompt for the `browser_agent:actuate` tool. The file has a chat history of obtaining the leak. It also provides the full representation of JSON. Captured with Fast model yet again.
* `GPT-5.3-mini-Prompt-04-20-26.md` contains the system prompt for GPT-5.3 mini as of 04/20/26. OpenAI has heavily updated this following the introduction of Writing Blocks. It seems they've upgraded from GPT-5 mini to GPT-5.3 mini as well. Captured logged in, Cynical preset on.